KP-7522 Rest of the docs (#59)
CSCfi/kielipankki-nlf-harvester: docs/README.md

The METS files are also not 1-to-1 match to the public data. Currently we attempt to download all image files whose `fileGrp`'s `USE` is either `Images` or `reference` and `ID` is `IMGGRP` or `ACIMGGRP`. Both available and unavailable ALTO files look the same in the METS, so currently they are downloaded based on the access image page numbers. The scanned page files on the file system can be matched to their METS metadata by matching the number in file name to the `SEQ` attribute in the corresponding `file` element in METS. If you suspect that some data is missing, please contact [the Language Bank of Finland](https://www.kielipankki.fi/support/contact-us/).

> At the moment, the harvesting does not automatically produce a list of files that were not available for download, but it will be added later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, the harvesting does not automatically produce a list of files that were not available for download, but one will be made available later.
```

## Accessing the dataset

### The newest version on Puhti

For immediate access on the shared file system, the newest dataset is kept in the directory `/scratch/project_2006633/nlf-harvester/zip/`. That directory should be accessible to all users on Puhti.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: This can be removed now.

> [!WARNING]
> The dataset will be updated periodically to keep up with newly digitized bindings and remove bindings that are no longer available for public access. This means that the dataset can change while your computations are in progress, which can lead to your analysis crashing or producing inconsistent results.

Currently the only way to see if that has happened is to check the last edit time of the zip files by running `ls -l /scratch/project_2006633/nlf-harvester/zip/` on Puhti: if it is before your job started, your results have not been affected by an update.

### Previous versions in Allas

Versions of the data set will also be made available as [`restic`](https://restic.net/) backups on [Allas](https://docs.csc.fi/data/Allas/introduction/). The retention policy of the previous versions is still open, so don't rely on old versions being available in the long term.

> See [versionig.md](versioning.md) for more information about previous versions of the dataset and how to access them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [versioning.md](versioning.md) for more information about previous versions of the dataset and how to access them.
```
